hey guys this is the first tutorial of
iMovie on iOS to make a new project
press the plus button that's first
we need something to put in our movies
so let's insert media tap this button to
press media like videos photos or audio
let's get some photos camera roll and
let's take one of these add a title
double tap on the clip title style you
go to opening you can say
yes so this how you make a title to crop
a clip or just ah make it shorter you
can either go here and um click on one
of these like orange arrow things and
shorten it okay there aren't certain
pictures you can you could you use this
from videos whatever you can also split
it let's have it that's taking a video
for example so let's go to video and
let's select this one into here to move
you can just hold it and you can move it
yeah so here's a video clip to zoom into
your timeline just pinch like any other
function on iOS devices and you can go
to here you can either shorten it by
using these orange things or a nicer but
cooler way is to just slice it just
shorten to the length you want
add music to your movie you just go to
the Audio tab so they have a bunch of
preset tracks that will mean lots of
tracks for now I will use playful you
can choose many other stuff so it's play
app automatically puts transitions for
you
um let's add another thing a video again
you can edit your video
it's a zoom out and just put it to size
okay so yeah so let's put the end so
let's get another picture you can be
more of UI picture or a movie for now
let's just get a picture
Wow let's get this one so I can fit in
them there to move things again you just
hold and you can drag it over there and
then double tap on it and title style
and say ending and then I can just type
in
okay so let's watch our movie
that's pretty much it so do for now it's
just a very easy way to make a movie in
in later tutorial I'll show you how you
can add your own voice in it make
special titles and even more thank you
for watching